there's a dump Johnny but let me say
this to you one more time do not tell
anybody do me a favor don't save my life
any more my pleasure Clint Eastwood and
Burt Reynolds in City Heat Clint is a
street-smart flatfoot Bert is a
wisecracking gumshoe and together the
heat is on it's 1933 the times are tough
and the streets are mean
you
I've been doing it all along I've been
hiding you just walked down the middle
of the street huh
two guys down there on the right and two
guys down there on the left there's the
four guys down there all together
we did all right now for the team
yeah roll it down further
it's against the law to lie down in the
street I never laid down on the street
tree you were hit by a truck what truck
next one comes along
anybody knock anymore how about a fast
game of sleeper never heard of it
well it's simple you go ahead and make
you shot and I put you to sleep
evening gents shorty hi is this a
private party or can anybody attend I
thought you were gonna set this one out
I lied okay give me the case give it to
him
you got it
take a walk we get the wrong room
come on I raised over here let's go Oh
Clint Eastwood and Burt Reynolds in City
Heat need we say more